So the cd command lets you move to different directories and I showed you how you could do 'ls ..'
to list the directory above you, you can also do that same thing with cd.
So now I'm in my home folder.
There's those same files can also use cd to jump to any directory on the system if you know the path
to it.
So.
Most machines will have this /tmp folder, you can just jump right to it, even though it's not anywhere
near where you are--you can do the same thing on Linux.
And then if you do 'ls' here, there's just a bunch of temp files
and then one other cool trick you can do a cd is you can do a 'cd -' and then I'll take you back to
the directory that you were last in.